well howdy there internet people it's bo
again so today we're going to talk about
texas specifically
the republican election strategy
generally and purple fingers
y'all remember this some of you do y'all
remember that
it's cool time right felt like that
country was finally turning the corner
like things were gonna get better
and the photos of those people with that
ink on their finger man they were happy
because they felt like they finally had
a voice and a lot of them
took a pretty big risk to get that ink
on their finger
those people who wanted that election to
go off
who wanted that to happen
what did they have to worry about what
did they had to deal with first thing
was they had to make sure that
people knew where to go that it wasn't
chaos
they had to make sure it was orderly and
simple it was a simple process
the next thing they had to do was make
sure that people thought it was going to
matter
that they were going to have some voice
no matter how small how minimal
they were going to have some voice in
what was going to happen to their
country
and then they had to worry about the
goons people showing up
and intimidating attempting to dissuade
them from voting
that's what it took to get that ink on
somebody's finger in a failed state
now let's talk about the republican
strategy
in texas today very short notice
the governor has decided that hey you
know what we're only going to allow
one drop-off location for the ballots
per county so if you live in austin you
better pay attention because the place
where you dropped off your ballot last
time
that's probably not where you're
supposed to go
seems like the goal is to sow confusion
make it hard to sway people from voting
make them give up then you got the
rhetoric from the president
undermining the integrity of the
election at every turn
it's going to be rigged oh you know
your vote may not even be counted may
take months it may not get counted at
all
maybe you just shouldn't do it your
voice doesn't really matter
and then we got the goons the poll
watchers
it certainly appears that the republican
party
is deploying the strategy of the
opposition
over there that should give
everybody pause we're having to worry
about the same things
a failed state had to worry about
and it's by design by one of our own
political parties
attempting to suppress the vote because
that is certainly how it appears they're
framing this
in texas as a public health thing yeah
because a bunch of doctors got together
and was like hey you know what would
help us manage this
let's send everybody to one location and
you know like create a crowd
that'll help out a whole lot that didn't
happen it's not a reason it's an excuse
the goal is to sow confusion the goal
is to dissuade people to make them give
up
i have a real issue with this
i have a real issue with the strategy
being used
i remember how happy these people were
how they looked
and now the party that wants to make
america great again
is trying to create the same situation
that
they had to overcome to get some
semblance of a representative
democracy
it's embarrassing and it's infuriating
this is the strategy this is the attempt
this is what this is what's going to
make america great making sure that
people don't have a voice
to deal with this let's just keep it
simple
as far as changing the locations you got
to stay aware because they're going to
do it
they're going to try to sow confusion
budget some extra time
to vote because something's going to
happen they're going to make sure of it
certainly appears that way looks like
it's a pretty thought out strategy
because while we're talking about texas
this is happening everywhere
so budget some extra time when it comes
to the rhetoric
from the president and the others saying
stuff like this
just consider the source they haven't
told the truth about anything else in
the last four years what makes you think
they're telling the truth now
when it comes to the goons wear
non-descript clothing
wave at them when you go in don't make
any statements
just go in vote and leave
there's a reason you vote in secret
these people risked a whole lot
a whole lot to overcome the republican
strategy
for this election definitely the way it
appears
it seems very concerted it seems planned
that the whole goal is to deny the
people of voice
because they know that the more people
who show up the more likely that
landslide is
and they don't want a representative
democracy they want to take it to the
courts because they think they can win
there
they are trying to subvert the republic
the representative democracy that we're
supposed to have in this country
they are waging an all-out assault on
the fundamental principles
of this country i guess that's how we
make america great
make it look like that
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day